Tour information - Canadian Rockies national park, Private tour, Custom Tours, Day Trip, Independent Travel,
Home
Guided Tour
Flight Deals
Reservation Guide
Tour information
Q&A
Other Payment type
Vancouver Airport Pick Up Meeting Point
Feedback
Home
> Tour information
Tour information
2021-11-05 09:39
▇ MEET UP
Please be ready at the meeting place at least 5 -10 minutes before the scheduled departure time.
▇ SCHEDULE
Calgary Tours has put forth all necessary efforts in order to ensure that, at all the times of publication. All descriptions in the present brochure are exact. For reasons beyond our control, modifications or cancellations may occur during the tour and customers should not object.
▇ CANCELLATION / MODIFICTION
Please refer to the POLICY and NOTICE in the itinerary
1. Additional fees, including but not limited to associated credit card or wire transfer service charges, will be applied to any cancellation or amendment request. Cancellation policy will be applied to below modifications: reducing the number of travelers, and changing; optional admissions & group meal purchase, as well as amending extended hotel stay.
★ Tours with FAIRMONT Hotels: 100% NON-REFUNDABLE & NON-CHANGEABLE once booking is confirmed.
★ Modification is subject to availability. Calgary Tours reserves the final right of the amendment.
2. Cancellation of Outbound Tour package / Air ticket / Hotel Booking / Other services depends on service providers, and different conditions may apply. Please verify with us.
▇ LUGGAGE
Each person is allowed to bring one piece of checked luggage (max 29' sized suitcase) and one carry-on luggage, with applicable size restrictions. The liability for the loss or damage is limited to $500 CAD per bag, unless a higher value is declared in advance and additional charges are paid. Please note that only one passenger may file a claim per bag.
▇ HOTEL ROOM DESCRIPTION
Hotel rooms of Single or Double room are based on One or Two beds; Triple/Quad room are based on Two beds; no extra bed will be provided.
▇ CHILD
Each itineraries have different conditions for children, please refer to the relevant instructions.
▇ OTHERS
Price listed on our website may change without notices, so please contact us for information update.
Copyright ©1994-2025 by Calgary Tours -Canadian Rocky Mountain Specialist. calgarytours.ca . All rights reserved.
l
o
a
d
i
n
g