Term and Conditions - Canadian Rockies national park, Private tour, Custom Tours, Day Trip, Independent Travel,
Home
Guided Tour
Flight Deals
Liability
Term and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Home
> Term and Conditions
Term and Conditions
2018-06-15 16:15
Thank you for visiting our website! We remind you at the same time of the use CALGARY TOURS (as the Company) website means that you have read and agree to the terms detailed statement of the law and regulations set forth and are willing to comply with the relevant laws and regulations.
o
About Terms of Service
--
CALGARY TOURS will put every effort to provide you with high-quality tourism services and accomplish the trip as planned! For reasons beyond our control (such as natural disasters, war, strike, government policy, or other reasons), airlines factors (such as flight changes / cancel), visa issues, not enough passengers, or other special conditions, the Company has the right to change or cancel any parts or all of the trip, and to charge customers for any additional costs (such as accommodation, transport, or any other expenses), where customers should not object. If customers are unable to attend a part or all the trip due to personal matters, no refund will be issued. If the customer causes safety problems or affect rights of other group members, company staff has the right to stop such personnel continuing his/her journey. The paid tour fare will be refunded after deducting all related expenses.
o
Copyright
--
All data including itinerary, message, instructions or explanation content, and all the information published in the article or within the site (including, without limitation, the text, picture. chart, Music, Video, design, data, software, content material (if any special instructions) are protected by the relevant laws (such as copyright law, 'Trademark Law' patent ownership, etc.). Without permission from CALGARY TOURS, any kinds of copy, link, reprint, and other illegal use are prohibited. Some of the information on the website may come from the Internet which might be difficult to confirm the authenticity and copyright. Please contact us for any copyright related issues, and the company shall immediately change or remove.
o
About Disclaimer
--
CALGARY TOURS will try to reduce errors caused by data (such as the site itself) and any other factors that will disturb our customers, but does not assume responsibility for their losses and legal notification. Shall there be any discrepancies from our website, any provisions, contract, notes, travel, and other documents, the last communication document will be considered as the final confirmation.
o
About the Applicability of the Law
--
CALGARY TOURS, customers, and Internet users shall agree to comply with all the laws of Canada's jurisdiction. The law shall prevail if any conflict with the law. CALGARY TOURS reserves the right to adjust or change above terms at any time.
o
Price Condition
--
Please refer each product's price condition.
o
Other Condition
--
1.Motorcoach Luggage allowances:
1) Due to limited coach capacity, a single bag is allowed with dimensions not exceeding 30”*18”*10” (76*46*25cm) and weight not exceeding 50lb/23kg.  Carry on / hand luggage is restricted to one piece per person, not
exceeding 12”*11”*6”(30*28*14cm) to fit under your coach seat or in the small overhead compartment.  Carry-ons with telescopic handles and wheels will not fit in the overhead compartments or under seats and
therefore.  Cannot be accepted as carry-on luggage. Carry-on/hand luggage handing is the responsibility of each guest and must be taken on and off the coach by you each day of the guided vacation.
A charge of C$20 or local currency equivalent per traveling day will be collected by the travel director if a second piece of luggage is permitted to b carried, or if suitcase exceeds weight of size limits.  This is not assurance that luggage in excess of limits on size, weight and number of pieces will be permitted on the coach.
Calgary Tours entities shall not be liable for loss or damage to luggage or any guests’ belongings duration of the vacation.  Guests should immediately report lost items to the travel director who will assist in completing a lost property form that
can be used for an insurance claim.  Calgary Tours cannot assist in locating lost items after the guest disembarks or completes the Calgary Tours’ package.
For Canadian Rockies Package
One day Tour --
Allow hand carry luggage, any check in luggage need to pay additional c$20＋5% each.
Multi-days Tour --
Allow  one hand carry and one check in luggage only,
any check in luggage need to pay additional c$20＋5% each
.
★
If your luggage is damaged or lost due to our company during the trip, we will pay compensation according to the following standards. **In order to protect your rights and interests, we strongly recommend that you purchase additional luggage insurance** --------- | Damaged Baggage - Maximum CS100 / Lost Baggage - Maximum C$200
2.Smoking and illegal drugs
Smoking is not allowed on transportation that is exclusively provided by calgary tours. Smoking includeds cigarettes, e-cigarettes, cigars, e-cigars, or an other smoking device.
May hotels, restaurants, and other venues are smoke-free or have non-smoking regulations in public spaces.  Smoking may be restricted to certain areas or not allowed. You are responsible to abide by all third-party smoking policies.
Hotels may impose a 100% non=smoking policy.
3. Accommodation
Check in time vary worldwide, Calgary Tours cannot control or guarantee check in times.
Air conditioning in hotels is not guaranteed and dependent upon local and national laws and regulations.  Though hotels may have air conditioning as a listed amenity, the usage of air conditioning is often not available at night or in the off-seasons.  Other restrictions may apply.  Calgary Tours has no control over air conditioning restrictions and regulations.
Room and bed preferences are not guaranteed.
4. Travelling with children
Due to heightened security, many countries have adopted practices to prevent international abductions of children.  If a child will be travelling with adults other than the parents or with only one parent, it is recommended that a notarized letter be written by the parents or non-travelling parent granting authorization to travel, including the dates of travel.  We suggest that you also contact the appropriate consulate and airlines because they may have additional requirements or recommendations.
5. Airport Transfer
Calgary Tour is not responsible for flight delays, delays in immigration or customs, delays due to lost baggage, or for any reason beyond our control if you miss your transfer. Missed transfers are non-refundable.
6. Illness or Absence
Early return expenses are the guest’s responsibility. There is no refund for absence or early departure from a guided vacation.  Including but not limited to missed hotels, transfers, meals or sightseeing. Calgary Tours urges you to purchase ravel insurance to cover such circumstances, Calgary tours makes no representation or guarantees concerning reimbursement, scope of coverage ,or other aspects of any travel insurance policy or
claim.
o
Behavior
--
We are here to provide the best services possible but in doing so we will not tolerate abusive or aggressive behavior from our guests.  We will refuse to deal with and my terminate the vacation of guests who assault our Company representatives or who are abusive or aggressive.
When you make a booking, you accept responsibility for the proper conduct of all members of your party during your stay.  We reserve the right at any time to terminate the travel arrangements and/or cease to deal with any party member(s) whose behavior, in the reasonable opinion of us or our suppliers, my cause danger, upset, disruption or distress to anyone else or damage to property.  Full cancellation charges will apply and no refund will be made. We shall have no obligation to pay compensation or meet any costs or expenses (including but not limited to alternative accommodations and return transportation arrangements) guest may incur as a result of the travel arrangements being terminated.
If you damage the accommodations in which you are staying or any property, you must reimburse the accommodations provider or property owner concerned for the cost of the damage before the end of your stay if the cost has been established by then or as soon as it has been established if later.  You must indemnify us for the full amount or any claim (also including legal costs) made against us.  Criminal proceedings may be instigated.  Calgary Tours is not responsible for any costs incurred concerning a guest removed from a guided vacation or aircraft, ship or train  guest agree not to hold Calgary Tours or any of its related entities liable for any actions taken under these terms and conditions.
o
Tips/Gratuities
--
Tips/gratuities are not included travel services on guided vacation, Driver and guide whose tips/gratuities should be extended on voluntary, individual basis at the end of your vacation.
Optional Prepaid Gratuities
If you have prepaid your gratuities to your travel director and driver this will be details within your vacation documentation.  Please note that prepaid gratuities over only the land portion of your vacation itinerary.  We offer this option on the majority of our vacation itineraries.  Please check the vacation price panels for the applicable vacations where this option is available.
Copyright ©1994-2025 by Calgary Tours -Canadian Rocky Mountain Specialist. calgarytours.ca . All rights reserved.
l
o
a
d
i
n
g